# Regression_Projects

# Project 5 : To Forecast hourly bike rental Demand

## Description:
Bike sharing systems are a means of renting bicycles where the process of
obtaining membership, rental, and bike return is automated via a network of
kiosk locations throughout a city. Using these systems, people are able to
rent a bike from one location and return it to a different place on an
as-needed basis. Currently, there are over 500 bike-sharing programs
around the world.The data generated by these systems makes them attractive for
researchers because the duration of travel, departure location, arrival
location, and time elapsed is explicitly recorded. Bike sharing systems
therefore function as a sensor network, which can be used for studying
mobility in a city.

## Problem Statement
In this project, Our task is to combine historical usage patterns with
weather data in order to forecast hourly bike rental demand.

# Project 6 : To predict if the client will subscribe to term deposit.

## Description:
Your client is a retail banking institution. Term deposits are a major source
of income for a bank.
A term deposit is a cash investment held at a financial institution. Your
money is invested for an agreed rate of interest over a fixed amount of
time, or term.

The bank has various outreach plans to sell term deposits to their
customers such as email marketing, advertisements, telephonic marketing
and digital marketing.

Telephonic marketing campaigns still remain one of the most effective way
to reach out to people. However, they require huge investment as large call
centers are hired to actually execute these campaigns. Hence, it is crucial
to identify the customers most likely to convert beforehand so that they can
be specifically targeted via call.

You are provided with the client data such as : age of the client, their job
type, their marital status, etc. Along with the client data, you are also
provided with the information of the call such as the duration of the call, day
and month of the call, etc. Given this information, our task is to predict if
the client will subscribe to term deposit.

# Project 7 : Linear Regression

## Description
Let’s say you are a bakery owner. You want to predict how much money you will make in a day based on the number of cupcakes you sell.
